[WPB-4379] Rabbitmq backup and restore process (#712)
wireapp/wire-server-deploy: offline/rabbitmq_backup_restore.md

This document describes the backup and restore process for RabbitMQ deployed outside of Kubernetes.

## Backup
To take a backup of RabbitMQ,

Make sure you have the nodes on which RabbitMQ is running in the inventory file, under the `rmq-cluster` group.
Then run the following command,
```
source bin/offline-env.sh
```

> Replace `<path_to_store_backup>` in the below command with the path where you want to store the backup on the rabbitmq nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `/path/to/backup` in the command below with the backup target path on the rabbitmq nodes.
```

```

> d ansible-playbook -i ansible/inventory/offline/hosts.ini ansible/rabbitmq_backup.yml --extra-vars "backup_dir=<path_to_store_backup>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
d ansible-playbook -i ansible/inventory/offline/hosts.ini ansible/rabbitmq_backup.yml --extra-vars "backup_dir=/path/to/backup"
```

```

> This ansible playbook will create `definitions.json` and `rabbitmq-backup.tgz` on all the RabbitMQ nodes at `<path_to_store_backup>`.
> These files are the backup of the RabbitMQ definitions and messages respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ansible playbook will create `definitions.json` (Definitions) and `rabbitmq-backup.tgz` (Messages) files on all RabbitMQ nodes at `/path/to/backup`.
```

Now, save these files on your host machine with scp command -
```
mkdir rabbitmq_backups
cd rabbitmq_backups
```
Fetch the backup files for each node one by one,
```
scp -r <node_name>:<path_to_store_backup>/ <node_name>/

> ```

Reviewer: Could this not be part of the playbook as well? I know you have `node_name` as the scp target folder, but it's not created prior to the command, which might end up overwriting backups between nodes.

Author: `scp -r` command will create the directories, also just to avoid the overwriting, updated docs to use new path for restore, instead of `/path/to/backup`

> ## Restore

Reviewer: For the restoration process, I'd honestly link the official documentation as there's several potential pitfalls (such as shutting down the node highlighted by @lwille).

Perhaps it would be a good idea to add a few points on how the cluster is expected to behave with definitions and message restores.

To restore the RabbitMQ backup,
Copy the backup files to the specific nodes at `<path_to_store_backup>` for each node -
```
scp -r <node_name>/ <node_name>:<path_to_store_backup>/
```

Than ssh into each node and run the following command from the path `<path_to_store_backup>` -
To restore the definitions - 
```
rabbitmqadmin import definitions.json
```

> To restore the data -

Reviewer 2: **issue:** node needs to be stopped before restoring files

**suggestion:** ensure rabbitmq node is stopped before and restarted after restoring the mnesia directory.
